hi I'm Ben Krentz with kana quit parts
we're here to show you how to correctly
check your final drive fluid we've got a
Komatsu PC 200 L c6 that we're going to
be working on and what we want to do
first is we have to make sure that the
machine is level and if you come down to
the final drive section here you would
be at 3 o'clock with your oil level and
then your drain plug would be down right
about 6 o'clock so if that's incorrect
location what we can do is you take a
hammer and you want to just tap on those
pretty good what it will do is just kind
of loosen up a little bit of the threads
because they are under pressure
also you want to make sure that you
clean around these areas real good you
don't want any dirt or debris getting
put into the fluid so once we've got all
that cleaned off which I have done
beforehand we've got a half inch drive
ratchet just put it in there and you got
to be careful a little bit because like
I said before these are under pressure
so you just take them off a little bit
slow and if there's a lot of pressure
built up you'll hear the pressure being
released out this one seems to be pretty
good what there we go we got some
pressure
we want to release all that pressure we
don't want anybody to get injured while
they're doing this and what we're
looking for is we're just checking the
level on this one we want to make sure
that there's just going to be a little
bit of fluid running out if there's a
lot of fluid then it could be overfilled
which is not a good thing either
we released all the pressure here we've
got just a little bit of fluid coming
out so this machine is up to correct
levels so we don't have to worry about
final drive failure
just going to tighten this up and of
course you would go to the other side
and check it
well what Komatsu recommends is about
every two thousand hours to change the
fluid and your final drive it's a good
thing to check it probably about every
time you change the oil which would be
about 250 hours which is recommended I
kind of quit parts we do sell a lot of
final drives because people fail to
check their fluid and that is the number
one reason why final drives fail so
that's why we wanted to do this video to
show you how to correctly check and as
you can tell it's very simple to do but
if for some reason you guys do need a
final drive we're here for you we'd have
used rebuilt and new aftermarket drives
available for you so give us a call
eight eight eight nine eight three seven
eight four seven and we'll get that up
with you thank you and as a side note
here we want to add if you do call in
and you have a final drive need what
will appreciate is if you can take the
cover plate off of your machine which
would be located on the inside here you
take the bolts off this whole cover
plate will come off and then you'll be
able to directly see into the travel
motor and the final drive and on the
back of the travel mode or the hydraulic
travel motor they'll be a plate probably
about you know inch and a half by two
inches three inches somewhere in there
but it'll have some numbers on it that
we will need an ensuring accuracy of the
correct drive for your machine so make
sure when you call give us the serial
number of your machine the model number
and it's also very helpful to have the
tag information off of the travel motor
right below this cover here thank you